TOPIC: Basic SQL and Databases

SKILLS: Recursion & Base Case Identification, Concurrency Control using Locks, Semaphores, CAS, Efficient String Manipulation with Z-algorithm, KMP, Rabin-Karp, etc., and Event-Driven Programming

Creating a code block that incorporates all of these skills in a concise manner proves to be challenging because some skills don't typically blend in the same piece of code. Databases (SQL) handle persistence, recursion is a programming technique, string algorithms deal with data processing, and event-driven programming is oriented on user interaction. 

Still, as an example, I can provide an SQL code that illustrates recursive Select:

Solution:
```SQL
WITH RECURSIVE employee_hierarchy(id, name, manager_id) AS (
 SELECT id, name, manager_id
 FROM employees
 WHERE manager_id is NULL
UNION ALL
 SELECT e.id, e.name, e.manager_id
 FROM employee_hierarchy eh, employees e
 WHERE eh.id = e.manager_id
)
SELECT * FROM employee_hierarchy;
```

Explanation:
This SQL code is used to create a simple hierarchy of employees in a company. We assume there is "employees" table in a database that has details like employee id (id), employee name (name) and the manager's id (manager_id).

1. The code starts with a "WITH RECURSIVE" clause which implies that the query will be recursively executed.
2. Inside this clause, we select all employees who are at the top of the hierarchy (i.e., those who don't have a manager).
3. We then UNION it with all the employees whose manager id is found in the recursive table.
4. The final result from the "WITH RECURSIVE" clause is a table "employee_hierarchy" that represents all of the employees in the company, grouped by their hierarchical level.
5. The final SELECT * FROM employee_hierarchy; statement prints out all of the records in the final hierarchy.

Please note that, while this example demonstrates SQL and Base Case Identification, it does not involve Concurrency Control, Efficient String Manipulation, and Event-Driven Programming. To grasp these concepts, you could look for separate examples, as each of them would likely require a different context.
